everyone to please rise put your hands
together for the new mr. mrs. Michael
Paul Callahan
Tommy friend don't be under - come on
let's go take you to the
I loved you from the day that I met you
my friends have always been a huge part
of my life and very very important to me
I always dreamed that whatever guy I
ended up with would fit right in and be
loved as much as I would love him by my
friends you proved that on night one
by the power vested in me by the state
of California and the Church of the
moving spiritually rareness I now
pronounce you husband and wife and kiss
the bride
when we talk about our future with kids
and our house and the things we want to
experience in this life when you tell me
we can get through anything as long as
we can work on it together this is how I
know you are mine and I am yours and we
are real
so if you look at money hard as
something you can control and you do
with it that's what you want to do
instead of allowing you have to tell you
what to do you'll be more successful
these were always been there for me
you've always been very supportive but
I've never felt like I've needed
anything because of you and I worked
myself into a place where I thought I
was successful and I lost my job and I
remember calling mom in the parking lot
crying like what do I do and she said
you could do anything
in cage I wish she could have known my
mother you would have probably really
gotten along she had some qualities that
I see in you she possessed a certain
calmness and kindness to her inability
to love big standing here in front of us
I can hear Kathy saying to her for most
favorite sayings good job I wish he
could have known her if she knew I do
know that she's extremely looking for us
right where she is
is my turn to say to you
I don't you get my life meaning this
love is
you
if you are my constant friend I'm going
to love you under these circumstances
happy sad easier difficult through
sunshine and rain as I always have for
the rest of my days so let's do this
thing and go have some cake
I just can't I promised to work on a
relationship through great and happy
times and also through difficult times
through richer or poorer through
sickness I promise to support and love
you today is a fairy tale and tomorrow
we go on as husband
you